Language rework, Juno, URL (#2123)
elementary/website: docs/learning-the-basics.md

* New Private Browsing Window
* Math operations (example: 23 * 5)

To open the Applications Menu with the keyboard, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Space</kbd>.

#### Indicators {#indicators}

> On the right side of the panel are icons called Indicators. These tell you of the current status of your session, i.e. your network connections, battery power, sound input and output, notifications, etc. Selecting an indicator exposes more info and related actions.

Author: Less wall of text, every little bit helps.

A middle click or three finger tap on an indicator will present you with the following quick actions:

* Sound: Toggle the mute state of the primary output device

> * Bluetooth: Toggle the primary Bluetooth device on/off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth: Toggle on/off
```

* Power: Hide/show the remaining battery percentage 
* Notifications: Toggle Do Not Disturb mode
* Session: Show the shutdown dialog

### The Dock {#the-dock}

> At the bottom of the screen is the Dock. It contains your favorite apps well, as currently open ones.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite fix the sentence correctly.

```suggestion
At the bottom of the screen is the Dock. It contains your favorite apps as well as the currently open ones.
```

Apps exist in their own windows which can be closed, maximized, or moved around.

> When you open an app, its window appears on the desktop. Each app typically has three areas: The window buttons, a toolbar, and the contents of the app.

Reviewer: Do not capitalize lists after colons. See: https://www.grammarly.com/blog/capitalization-after-colons/

### Workspaces {#workspaces}
By default, all app windows open on one workspace. However, you can use multiple workspaces to organize your workflow:

> * To see an overview of your workspaces, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>S</kbd>

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

> * To quickly move left or right through your workspaces, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>←</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>→</kbd>

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

> * To cycle through your workspaces, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd>

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

> * You can jump straight to a specific workspace by pressing <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>1</kbd> through <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>9</kbd>. You can always jump to a new workspace with <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>0</kbd>.

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

> * You can also drag app windows between workspaces by dragging their icons in the workspace overview, or move them left and right between workspaces using <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Alt</kbd> + <kbd>←</kbd> or <kbd>→</kbd> respectively. To see an overview of app windows across all workspaces, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>A</kbd>.

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

You can customize these shortcuts through **[System Settings](/docs/learning-the-basics#system-settings)** → **Keyboard** → **Shortcuts** → **Workspaces**.

> _Note: <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> refers to the "super" key. It is also known as the "Windows" key on most PCs or the "Command" key on Macs._

Reviewer: This is not correct, it's still Super, which we represent as ⌘

Author: I should have actually read that x)

Reviewer: @comradekingu we use the looped square symbol (which is in Unicode) consistently across the OS itself and other documentation. I wrote about the reasoning at https://medium.com/@cassidyjames/why-the-looped-square-symbol-809a3de71bea

You may be asked for your password prior to installing an app.

> _Note: Some software may not be available from AppCenter. While downloading software from the general Internet is not recommended, apps compatible with Ubuntu 18.04 LTS should work on elementary OS Juno._

Reviewer: We tend to use the more active voice of recommending/not recommending instead of the more passive "is not recommended"

## Updating {#updating}

elementary OS includes updates as part of AppCenter. Notice the tab "Updates" at the top of the window. We recommend you check for updates at least _once a week_ to make sure your computer has the latest features and protection.

For more on security patches, read the <a href="https://usn.ubuntu.com/">Ubuntu security notices</a>.

## System Settings {#system-settings}

> elementary OS comes with a handy app called "System Settings" controlling all of your system-wide (or "global") preferences. System Settings gives you the ability to adjust things like keyboard shortcuts, display resolution, your wallpaper, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
elementary OS comes with a handy app called "System Settings" which lets you control your system-wide (or "global") preferences. System Settings gives you the ability to adjust things like keyboard shortcuts, display resolution, your wallpaper, and more.
```
